How to use the HRCSLA:

1. Create an HRC Slack organization
2. Get players and staff on Slack
3. Players report and mods check
4. Reports are logged, processed and displayed

ma56nin will help you through these steps if needed and ensure that all the details are in order and configured!

1. Create an HRC Slack organization

First, you create a Slack organization at slack.com. You should name it [yournetwork].slack.com or similar
With this, you now need to organize it. Slack comes with 3 ways to communicate: channels, groups and direct messages.
The HRCSLA is configured to log all channels with "reports" in their name, so create channels for your players.
  (Recommended to create several channels to separate staff so they can be more productive)

2.Get players and staff on Slack

Next, you need to fill your organization with people, naturally. Staff need Slack Admin (network admins can get Slack Owner)
Make forum posts, maybe even in game advertising to let players know, and they will come!
How you separated your channels dictates how your staff and players will separate (naturally)
You can join as many channels as you want, so feel free to make plenty! A channel that's too big won't be productive though!
ex. McPvP separates by gamemode, and staff of that gamemode are in their respective chats, and players of that gamemode are too.

3. Players report and mods check

This is the brunt of the system, what happens. Players simply type a server address, what the MC IGN is and optionally which hacks said player is using
The mod then goes to that server and checks, in real time (why this system has been so successful!)
The mod watches/tests said player and acts accordingly in game. In Slack, the mod types "!<verdict> <IGN>" where
<verdict> = the mod's verdict (i.e. banned, clean, left, etc)
<IGN>     = the IGN of the hacker in question

4. Reports are logged, processed and displayed

This is where my system comes into play. My process monitors the chat history and looks for the !<verdict> psuedo-commands, and logs the report accordingly.
The reports are then sent to the database, where a webapp processes them for easy viewing. You can very easily check someone's record 
  (i.e. 3 ban and 2 clean reports attributed to them)
You can use these records to monitor how accurate and active potential mods are, check if there is a video for a report or anything else!

